Modify rule S6273: LaYC format (#2710)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6273/description.adoc

A well-structured tagging strategy is essential when working with AWS resources.
Inadequate tagging practices can lead to several potential issues and make it challenging to manage your AWS environment effectively:

When resources lack proper tags or have inconsistent tagging, it becomes difficult to identify their purpose, owner, or role within the infrastructure.
This ambiguity can lead to confusion and errors during resource management and allocation.
Without clear and consistent tags, teams may struggle to understand the resource's function, hindering collaboration and efficiency.

Effective tagging is crucial for monitoring and managing costs in AWS.

> Resources without appropriate tags may not be adequately categorized, making it hard to track their usage and associated expenses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resources without appropriate tags may not be adequately categorized, making tracking their usage and associated expenses hard.
```

As a result, it becomes challenging to allocate costs to specific projects, departments, or teams accurately.
Poor cost visibility can lead to overspending, budgeting issues, and difficulty in optimizing resource allocation.

Tags play a significant role in resource security and compliance.
Inadequate tagging can result in incorrectly classified resources, leading to potential security vulnerabilities and compliance risks.

> Without proper tagging, it becomes challenging to apply consistent security policies, control access, and track changes effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It becomes challenging to apply consistent security policies, control access, and track changes without proper tagging.
```
